charts/payments/README.md, before:

# payments

![Version: 0.1.10](https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-0.1.10-informational?style=flat-square) ![Type: application](https://img.shields.io/badge/Type-application-informational?style=flat-square) ![AppVersion: v0.2.5](https://img.shields.io/badge/AppVersion-v0.2.5-informational?style=flat-square)

A Helm chart for Kubernetes

## Installing the Chart

To install the chart with the release name `my-release`:

```console
$ helm repo add scoretrak https://scoretrak.github.io/helm-charts
$ helm install my-release scoretrak/payments
```

## Values

| Key | Type | Default | Description |
|-----|------|---------|-------------|
| affinity | object | `{}` |  |
| autoscaling.enabled | bool | `false` |  |
| autoscaling.maxReplicas | int | `100` |  |
| autoscaling.minReplicas | int | `1` |  |
| autoscaling.targetCPUUtilizationPercentage | int | `80` |  |
| config.bank.amountPerPoint | int | `10` |  |
| config.bank.password | string | `""` |  |
| config.bank.url | string | `""` |  |
| config.bank.username | string | `""` |  |
| config.cockroachdb.clientca | string | `"/cockroach-certs/ca.crt"` |  |
| config.cockroachdb.clientsslcert | string | `"/cockroach-certs/tls.crt"` |  |
| config.cockroachdb.clientsslkey | string | `"/cockroach-certs/tls.key"` |  |
| config.cockroachdb.database | string | `"payments"` |  |
| config.cockroachdb.db_host | string | `""` |  |
| config.cockroachdb.db_password | string | `""` |  |
| config.create | bool | `true` |  |
| config.scoretrak.host | string | `""` |  |
| config.scoretrak.password | string | `""` |  |
| config.scoretrak.username | string | `"payments"` |  |
| fullnameOverride | string | `""` |  |
| image.pullPolicy | string | `"IfNotPresent"` |  |
| image.repository | string | `"ghcr.io/scoretrak/payments/payments"` |  |
| image.tag | string | `""` |  |
| imagePullSecrets | list | `[]` |  |
| ingress.annotations | object | `{}` |  |
| ingress.className | string | `""` |  |
| ingress.enabled | bool | `false` |  |
| ingress.hosts[0].host | string | `"chart-example.local"` |  |
| ingress.hosts[0].paths[0].path | string | `"/"` |  |
| ingress.hosts[0].paths[0].pathType | string | `"ImplementationSpecific"` |  |
| ingress.tls | list | `[]` |  |
| nameOverride | string | `""` |  |
| nodeSelector | object | `{}` |  |
| podAnnotations | object | `{}` |  |
| podSecurityContext | object | `{}` |  |
| resources | object | `{}` |  |
| schedule | string | `"*/10 * * * *"` |  |
| securityContext | object | `{}` |  |
| service.port | int | `80` |  |
| service.type | string | `"ClusterIP"` |  |
| serviceAccount.annotations | object | `{}` |  |
| serviceAccount.create | bool | `true` |  |
| serviceAccount.name | string | `""` |  |
| tolerations | list | `[]` |  |

----------------------------------------------
Autogenerated from chart metadata using [helm-docs v1.8.1](https://github.com/norwoodj/helm-docs/releases/v1.8.1)

Commit message:

Just a small doc update, since cockroach now has official client

charts/payments/README.md, after:

# payments

![Version: 0.1.10](https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-0.1.10-informational?style=flat-square) ![Type: application](https://img.shields.io/badge/Type-application-informational?style=flat-square) ![AppVersion: v0.2.5](https://img.shields.io/badge/AppVersion-v0.2.5-informational?style=flat-square)

A Helm chart for Kubernetes

## Installing the Chart

To install the chart with the release name `my-release`:

```console
$ helm repo add scoretrak https://scoretrak.github.io/helm-charts
$ helm install my-release scoretrak/payments
```

To access database, via SQL Client, follow cockroach DB's docs at: [Step 3. Use the built-in SQL client](https://www.cockroachlabs.com/docs/stable/deploy-cockroachdb-with-kubernetes.html?filters=helm#step-3-use-the-built-in-sql-client)

## Values

| Key | Type | Default | Description |
|-----|------|---------|-------------|
| affinity | object | `{}` |  |
| autoscaling.enabled | bool | `false` |  |
| autoscaling.maxReplicas | int | `100` |  |
| autoscaling.minReplicas | int | `1` |  |
| autoscaling.targetCPUUtilizationPercentage | int | `80` |  |
| config.bank.amountPerPoint | int | `10` |  |
| config.bank.password | string | `""` |  |
| config.bank.url | string | `""` |  |
| config.bank.username | string | `""` |  |
| config.cockroachdb.clientca | string | `"/cockroach-certs/ca.crt"` |  |
| config.cockroachdb.clientsslcert | string | `"/cockroach-certs/tls.crt"` |  |
| config.cockroachdb.clientsslkey | string | `"/cockroach-certs/tls.key"` |  |
| config.cockroachdb.database | string | `"payments"` |  |
| config.cockroachdb.db_host | string | `""` |  |
| config.cockroachdb.db_password | string | `""` |  |
| config.create | bool | `true` |  |
| config.scoretrak.host | string | `""` |  |
| config.scoretrak.password | string | `""` |  |
| config.scoretrak.username | string | `"payments"` |  |
| fullnameOverride | string | `""` |  |
| image.pullPolicy | string | `"IfNotPresent"` |  |
| image.repository | string | `"ghcr.io/scoretrak/payments/payments"` |  |
| image.tag | string | `""` |  |
| imagePullSecrets | list | `[]` |  |
| ingress.annotations | object | `{}` |  |
| ingress.className | string | `""` |  |
| ingress.enabled | bool | `false` |  |
| ingress.hosts[0].host | string | `"chart-example.local"` |  |
| ingress.hosts[0].paths[0].path | string | `"/"` |  |
| ingress.hosts[0].paths[0].pathType | string | `"ImplementationSpecific"` |  |
| ingress.tls | list | `[]` |  |
| nameOverride | string | `""` |  |
| nodeSelector | object | `{}` |  |
| podAnnotations | object | `{}` |  |
| podSecurityContext | object | `{}` |  |
| resources | object | `{}` |  |
| schedule | string | `"*/10 * * * *"` |  |
| securityContext | object | `{}` |  |
| service.port | int | `80` |  |
| service.type | string | `"ClusterIP"` |  |
| serviceAccount.annotations | object | `{}` |  |
| serviceAccount.create | bool | `true` |  |
| serviceAccount.name | string | `""` |  |
| tolerations | list | `[]` |  |

----------------------------------------------
Autogenerated from chart metadata using [helm-docs v1.8.1](https://github.com/norwoodj/helm-docs/releases/v1.8.1)
