charts/scoretrak/README.md, before:

# scoretrak

![Version: 0.2.5](https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-0.2.5-informational?style=flat-square) ![Type: application](https://img.shields.io/badge/Type-application-informational?style=flat-square)

A Helm chart for Scoretrak

## Installing the Chart

To install the chart with the release name `my-release`:

```console
$ helm repo add scoretrak https://scoretrak.github.io/helm-charts
$ helm install my-release scoretrak/scoretrak
```

## Requirements

| Repository | Name | Version |
|------------|------|---------|
| file://../client | client | 0.2.14 |
| file://../commercebackend | commercebackend | 0.1.9 |
| file://../commerceui | commerceui | 0.1.3 |
| file://../envoy | envoy | 0.2.18 |
| file://../payments | payments | 0.1.10 |
| file://../server | server | 0.3.7 |
| https://beeinventor.github.io/charts | nsq | 1.2.0 |
| https://charts.cockroachdb.com/ | cockroachdb | 6.2.4 |

## Values

| Key | Type | Default | Description |
|-----|------|---------|-------------|
| bank.FQDN | string | `"bank.example.com"` |  |
| bank.enabled | bool | `false` |  |
| cockroachdb.init.provisioning.databases[0].name | string | `"scoretrak"` |  |
| cockroachdb.init.provisioning.databases[1].name | string | `"bank"` |  |
| cockroachdb.init.provisioning.databases[2].name | string | `"payments"` |  |
| cockroachdb.init.provisioning.enabled | bool | `true` |  |
| cockroachdb.storage.persistentVolume.size | string | `"10Gi"` |  |
| cockroachdb.tls.enabled | bool | `true` |  |
| commercebackend.config.create | bool | `false` |  |
| commerceui.config.create | bool | `false` |  |
| config.db_names[0] | string | `"scoretrak"` |  |
| envoy.config.create | bool | `false` |  |
| nsq.nsqd.persistence.enabled | bool | `false` |  |
| nsq.use | bool | `true` |  |
| payments.config.create | bool | `false` |  |
| scoretrak.FQDN | string | `"scoretrak.example.com"` |  |
| server.config.create | bool | `false` |  |
| server.config.db.cockroachdb.database | string | `"scoretrak"` |  |
| server.config.db.cockroachdb.password | string | `""` |  |
| server.config.db.cockroachdb.tls.enabled | bool | `true` |  |
| server.config.nsq.use | bool | `true` |  |
| server.image.tag | string | `"v0.3.2-alpha6"` |  |

----------------------------------------------
Autogenerated from chart metadata using [helm-docs v1.8.1](https://github.com/norwoodj/helm-docs/releases/v1.8.1)

Commit message:

add a note to use cocroach secure client

charts/scoretrak/README.md, after:

# scoretrak

![Version: 0.2.5](https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-0.2.5-informational?style=flat-square) ![Type: application](https://img.shields.io/badge/Type-application-informational?style=flat-square)

A Helm chart for Scoretrak

## Installing the Chart

To install the chart with the release name `my-release`:

```console
$ helm repo add scoretrak https://scoretrak.github.io/helm-charts
$ helm install my-release scoretrak/scoretrak
```


## Accessing CockroachDB via CLI
To access database, via SQL Client, follow cockroach DB's docs at: [Step 3. Use the built-in SQL client](https://www.cockroachlabs.com/docs/stable/deploy-cockroachdb-with-kubernetes.html?filters=helm#step-3-use-the-built-in-sql-client)


## Requirements

| Repository | Name | Version |
|------------|------|---------|
| file://../client | client | 0.2.14 |
| file://../commercebackend | commercebackend | 0.1.9 |
| file://../commerceui | commerceui | 0.1.3 |
| file://../envoy | envoy | 0.2.18 |
| file://../payments | payments | 0.1.10 |
| file://../server | server | 0.3.7 |
| https://beeinventor.github.io/charts | nsq | 1.2.0 |
| https://charts.cockroachdb.com/ | cockroachdb | 6.2.4 |

## Values

| Key | Type | Default | Description |
|-----|------|---------|-------------|
| bank.FQDN | string | `"bank.example.com"` |  |
| bank.enabled | bool | `false` |  |
| cockroachdb.init.provisioning.databases[0].name | string | `"scoretrak"` |  |
| cockroachdb.init.provisioning.databases[1].name | string | `"bank"` |  |
| cockroachdb.init.provisioning.databases[2].name | string | `"payments"` |  |
| cockroachdb.init.provisioning.enabled | bool | `true` |  |
| cockroachdb.storage.persistentVolume.size | string | `"10Gi"` |  |
| cockroachdb.tls.enabled | bool | `true` |  |
| commercebackend.config.create | bool | `false` |  |
| commerceui.config.create | bool | `false` |  |
| config.db_names[0] | string | `"scoretrak"` |  |
| envoy.config.create | bool | `false` |  |
| nsq.nsqd.persistence.enabled | bool | `false` |  |
| nsq.use | bool | `true` |  |
| payments.config.create | bool | `false` |  |
| scoretrak.FQDN | string | `"scoretrak.example.com"` |  |
| server.config.create | bool | `false` |  |
| server.config.db.cockroachdb.database | string | `"scoretrak"` |  |
| server.config.db.cockroachdb.password | string | `""` |  |
| server.config.db.cockroachdb.tls.enabled | bool | `true` |  |
| server.config.nsq.use | bool | `true` |  |
| server.image.tag | string | `"v0.3.2-alpha6"` |  |

----------------------------------------------
Autogenerated from chart metadata using [helm-docs v1.8.1](https://github.com/norwoodj/helm-docs/releases/v1.8.1)
